Further opt-in trimming guidance (class libs) (#36127)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/host-and-deploy/configure-trimmer.md

Blazor WebAssembly performs [Intermediate Language (IL)](/dotnet/standard/glossary#il) trimming to reduce the size of the published output. Trimming occurs when publishing an app.

> ## Default trimmer granularity
> 
> The default trimmer granularity for Blazor apps is `partial`. To trim all assemblies, change the granularity to `full` in the app's project file:
> 
> ```xml
> <PropertyGroup>
>   <TrimMode>full</TrimMode>
> </PropertyGroup>
> ```
> 
> For more information, see [Trimming options (.NET documentation)](/dotnet/core/deploying/trimming/trimming-options#trimming-granularity).

Reviewer: We can't recommend `full` until https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/49409 is addressed.

```suggestion
## Default trimmer granularity

The default trimmer granularity for Blazor apps is `partial`, which means that only core framework libraries and libraries that have explicitly enabled trimming support will get trimmed. Full trimming is not supported.

For more information, see [Trimming options (.NET documentation)](/dotnet/core/deploying/trimming/trimming-options#trimming-granularity).
```

* Control symbol trimming and debugger support.
* Set IL Trimmer features for trimming framework library features.

> When the [trimmer granularity](#default-trimmer-granularity) is `partial`, which is the default value, the IL Trimmer trims the base class library and any other assemblies of the app. To opt into trimming in any of the app's class library projects, set the `<IsTrimmable>` MSBuild property to `true` in those projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the [trimmer granularity](#default-trimmer-granularity) is `partial`, which is the default value, the IL Trimmer trims the base class library and any other assemblies marked as trimmable. To opt into trimming in any of the app's class library projects, set the `<IsTrimmable>` MSBuild property to `true` in those projects:
```

+ items = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<List<StringTuple>>(data, options)!;
```

> Because custom types aren't trimmed by Blazor when an app is published (and unless [explicitly opted in](#configuration) for class libraries), the component works as designed after the app is published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because custom types defined in non-trimmable assemblies aren't trimmed by Blazor when an app is published, the component works as designed after the app is published.
```
